README.md, before:

# husn muslim scrapper

## About
A sample JavaScript/NodeJs scrapper project based on [hisnmuslim API](https://hisnmuslim.com/api/husn.json) to use all off the test & audios offline without the connecting with the original api

## Features
+ get all the adhkars as text in *ARABIC* & *ENGLISH*
+ download audio's of the adhkars
+ merge all of these info in one place in json file as a book

## Requirements
+ [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/)
+ [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## Install Dependencies
```sh
npm install
```
or
```sh
yarn install
```

## Usage
the default language of the data fetched is AR
### Developement
```sh
npm dev
```
or
```sh
yarn dev
```
+ fetch with english translation
```sh
npm dev:en
```
or
```sh
yarn dev:en
```
### Production
```sh
npm start
```
or
```sh
yarn start
```
+ fetch with english translation
```sh
npm start:en
```
or
```sh
yarn start:en
```

## Thanks
thenk you very much for the [Hisnmuslim](https://hisnmuslim.com/) owner(s), baraka llaho fika

## License
[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

update some scripts & update starting ways

README.md, after:

# husn muslim scrapper

## About
A sample JavaScript/NodeJs scrapper project based on [hisnmuslim API](https://hisnmuslim.com/api/husn.json) to use all off the test & audios offline without the connecting with the original api

## Features
+ get all the adhkars as text in *ARABIC* & *ENGLISH*
+ download audio's of the adhkars
+ merge all of these info in one place in json file as a book

## Project Structure & files functionality
+ *index.js* fetch & create adkar main page in one json file
+ *fetch.js* fetch/download the dikr text & audio
+ *merge.js* merge/concat the data commes from *index.js* & *fetch.js*
+ *fetch-sub.js* fetch sub adkar related to the main adkar fetched in *fetch.js*

## Requirements
+ [Nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/)
+ [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

## Download
you can clone this repository or download as zip file

## Install Dependencies
```sh
npm install
```
or
```sh
yarn install
```

## Usage
the default language of the data fetched is AR
### Developement
```sh
npm dev
```
or
```sh
yarn dev
```
+ fetch with english translation
```sh
npm dev:en
```
or
```sh
yarn dev:en
```
### Production
```sh
npm start
```
or
```sh
yarn start
```
+ fetch with english translation
```sh
npm start:en
```
or
```sh
yarn start:en
```
### Custom
you can also run specifie step `see scripts properties` this need you to be a developer

## Thanks
thenk you very much for the [hisnmuslim](https://hisnmuslim.com/) owner(s), baraka llaho fika

## License
[MIT](./LICENSE)
